How to create portfolio and publish in github?
In your github account, click on New to create new repository,
give it a name like portfolio or myPortfolio.
Make it Public and click on Create repository.
Then, click on uploading an existing file,
drag your portfolio's files and drop in this box.
When it is done, click on Commit changes.
When all files are uploaded, go to Settings page and in the Source options choose main and click Save.
So, it will publish your portfolio's website and this is my URL link to the website.
Here we go, this is my portfolio.
This is one of my project created with javaScript and PHP.
In the menu bar, I have two options, About and Contact.
If you click on Contact, you can see my address and email.
By clicking on About, you can see a brief description of my skills and my picture.
Here is my portfolio, by clicking on each project you can see a brief description of that project.
This is an UI design project by JustInMind tool.
This is a project using C#.
This is created with Ms Access for database course.
This is my Copy Right in the footer.
Thank you for watching this video.